[music playing]
DAN (VOICEOVER): Since our return
to Earth after defeating Zenoheld,
a whole lot has happened.
The most exciting thing is that Bakugan Interspace finally
went online globally, allowing kids from all over the world
to show their battling skills in a safe and friendly
environment.
Unfortunately, it seems like not everyone
wants this virtual realm to remain happy and free.
A mysterious evil force from another world
has infiltrated Bakugan Interspace
and is trying to take over.
OK, buddy, let's do this.
All right!
Bakugan, brawl!
THEME SONG: What are you gonna do?
The odds are stacked against you.
Back against the wall.
Gotta give it your all.
Ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah.
This is the final stand.
The power's in your hand.
Two worlds collide on the inside.
You gotta fight for what's right before it's gone, gone, gone.
This is Bakugan.
[dramatic music]
[crowd cheering]
This guy's pretty good.
Who is he?
Don't know, but we're gonna take him down.
Go, Snapzoid!
[hissing]
Nice play.
I can see now why you're a top-rated brawler, kid.
Time for the girls to have a go.
Come on, Glotronoid.
[energetic music]
[roaring]
Whoa.
The gentle wind blows like a mournful swan song
before the final curtain.
Ability activate!
Balfire!
Aw, man.
Not bad, big guy.
[whimpers]
Hmm.
All right!
All right! BOTH: Wha?
[clapping]
Ha, well done.
You both fit the bill nicely.
Yeah.
You'll be coming with us now.
Huh.
[gasps]
[energetic music]
DAN (VOICEOVER): The Bakugan Battle
Brawlers in \"Confrontation.\"
It's strange.
This makes absolutely no sense.
Hey.
What's happening, you guys?
Good, you're both here.
'Sup there, Maruch?
I hope my message didn't startle you,
but the matter was rather urgent.
No worries.
What's the deal there, buddy?
Well, I wanted you to take a look at this.
DAN: What is it?
MARUCHO: This is the system data from Bakugan Interspace.
It tracks each and every player who enters the environment.
I increased the security protocols after we
discovered the Neathian moles.
Very impressive.
Recently, our security program has recorded
some strange occurrences, and it seems as though someone has
been messing with the system.
Well, don't look at me.
I never touched it.
[laughter]
I wasn't accusing you, silly.
The readings are weird.
They say that a number of our battlers
are disappearing from inside Bakugan Interspace
even though they haven't actually teleported out.
But how?
That makes no sense at all.
Maybe there's a bug or something in the system?
I wish the explanation was that simple, but it's not.
I've run a systems check, and everything is 100%.
Then it must be--
The Neathians.
It would make sense.
According to our records, everyone who has disappeared
has been among the top-ranked battlers in Bakugan Interspace.
Could this have something to do with their war
against Gundalia?
Kidnappers.
Not necessarily.
It's strange, but it seems like everyone who goes missing
eventually returns to BI.
Well, if too many people disappeared,
it would set off alarm bells.
But why would you steal people away if you're just
going to let them come back in?
You're right.
It doesn't add up.
Whatever they're up to, it's got to be rotten.
We can't let them get away with it.
Yes, I agree with the both of you, which is why I
came up with this little plan.
What plan?
Well, Dan, it involves using some data
that Ren was able to extract from the system for us.
[suspenseful music]
Hey, what is this place?
BOY: Where are we?
GIRL: I wanna go home!
Hush now, my precious ones.
There's no need to be afraid.
No one here will hurt you, I promise.
Relax, and look into my eyes.
I trust the recruitment of battlers is going well, Gill?
Yes, all according to plan, Master Barodius.
OK, very well, then.
Your services aren't required yet, Dharak.
Hmm.
I'm ready to serve you whenever the time comes,
Master Barodius.
[laughs]
Did you notice?
Sid and the others aren't back from battle yet.
So what?
Are you their babysitter all of a sudden now or something?
Now that they've had a taste of battle,
they can't satisfy their appetites.
Perhaps they're hungry like the wolf.
Hey, you two mushbrains.
How about a battle?
- Gah. - Uh.
Quick, let's split.
I'm right behind you.
Come on.
What are you looking at?
MARUCHO (ON PA): Good afternoon, everyone.
Could I have your attention, please, for a very important
announcement.
If I could draw your attention to the monitors,
the following people have entered Bakugan Interspace
and should be considered dangerous.
If any of them approach you asking to do battle--
Hmm, that's a nice offensive play, battle brawlers.
Now that they've called us out,
looks like we'll have to take the battle to them.
But as long as they're around, we won't
be able to continue recruiting.
You're probably right, Zenet, but Drago
is no ordinary Bakugan.
Defeating him won't be easy.
Hmm.
Sounds like fun to me, Sid.
You know how I love a good challenge.
Ha!
Let's go find those battle brawlers and take care of them
so we can get back to business.
That was the smart play, Marucho.
Now the Neathians' movement will be severely limited.
Thanks.
Hey, Ren, should we start trying to pinpoint their location now?
We should.
We'll give you a hand too, guys.
Huh?
Let's click here, here--
Whoa, whoa!
Dan the Man, take it easy, dude.
This isn't a video game you're playing with here.
If you're not careful, you might mess things up.
You know, you really should leave it to Marucho and Ren.
OK, OK?
Are you saying I don't know my way around technology?
He's right, Dan.
You burn popcorn in the microwave.
That was an accident.
Oh, fine.
I'll just stick to brawling.
That's what I'm best at, anyway.
Hurry up and find those guys so I can
give them a good thumping, OK?
[laughs] Yeah, that's what I like to hear.
Incredible.
What is it, Ren?
Well, your level of dedication toward my people
is what I mean.
Hmm?
You're fighting just as hard to defend Gundalia
as you would your own planet.
You're one of us now, Ren.
The battle brawlers aren't just a team.
We're family.
Which means that if anybody threatens a member,
we band together to fight.
Well, then, I thank you.
[chuckles] [alarm blaring]
COMPUTER: Security alert.
Security alert.
Unauthorized access.
Receiving transmission.
You clowns think you're clever with that little stunt
you just pulled exposing us?
Huh?
Look.
Aren't those two guys--
Those lousy Neathian agents!
How did you access this frequency?
It's on a secure server.
Hmm.
Your security system is so basic,
a kindergarten student could crack it.
Get out!
Yeah, well, why don't you make us, tough guy?
Meet us in a battle arena, and we'll settle things that way.
Fine!
We'll be there.
[growls]
Now what?
We go and fight.
Yeah, let's go.
Hold on.
I'm coming too.
Like Marucho said, we're in this together.
Awesome.
Let's do this, buddy.
Hmm.
REN (VOICEOVER): It's go time, Linehalt. Bakugan brawl!
DAN (VOICEOVER): Let's send these creeps packing, Drago.
So these guys are the mighty battle brawlers?
[laughs] They look like a bunch of lightweights to me.
Tell me again why you're so scared of these geeks.
Hey!
Will you please quit flapping your gums?
I'm with Sid.
Why are we still talking when we could be battling these fools?
Hmm!
Remember who's in charge here, Contestir.
Are you the ones responsible for battlers disappearing
from here?
Watch out.
Looks like we're dealing with a genius here.
Quiet, you!
I've heard enough of your smack talk.
Ready, Drago?
You bet.
Huh?
So this is the infamous Drago?
Pyrus Bakugan aren't usually my taste,
but I guess I could deal.
Since these guys are trying to kick us out,
it seems only fair that we take a parting gift.
Say what?
I said we're taking your precious Bakugan.
Oh, you have got to be out of your mind there, pal!
That's not your decision to make.
Got it, brawler?
Let's do this, Dan.
Kick it.
ANNOUNCER: Bakugan field open!
Gate card, set!
Bakugan, brawl!
Bakugan, stand.
Come on, Pyrus Helix Dragonoid.
[energetic music]
[roaring]
Bakugan, brawl!
Bakugan, stand.
Rise, Chaos Contestir.
[roaring]
Bakugan, brawl!
Bakugan, stand.
Go, Pyrus Rubanoid.
[roars]
Bakugan, brawl!
Bakugan, stand.
Let's go, Darkus Linehalt!
Ladies first.
Ability activate!
Bleach Out.
DAN: What the?
[growls]
Say bye-bye.
Ha, ha!
Too easy.
Ability activate!
Galactic Dragon!
[grunting]
No big deal, little man.
Ability activate!
Crimson Defense.
Unbelievable.
Ha.
There's more coming.
Contestir.
Get ready to hurt.
Linehalt!
Take him down.
Ability activate!
Shiny Monk.
[growls]
COMPUTER: Ren life force, 10%.
[laughs] Burn on you.
Hold on, Linehalt.
Come on, man!
It didn't take much for your buddy to crash and burn.
Let's see how you do against my battle gear.
COMPUTER: Ready Destrakon Gear.
All right, battle gear boost.
Ha!
[roaring]
We could play that game too.
COMPUTER: Ready JetKor.
Battle gear boost!
Ha!
[energetic music]
[growls]
Battle gear ability activate.
Destrakon Gear Brinel.
Watch out, Drago!
[roaring]
[grunting]
Ugh!
Zenet?
Ability activate.
Hyper Sky Bolt.
[grunting]
DAN: Drago!
Hyper Sky Bolt won't let you activate any abilities
or even use your battle gear.
Yeah, we'll see about that.
Gate card, open!
Subterra Battle Audience!
Huh?
What the?
This command card creates a battle environment
with the attribute that I've named.
Meanwhile, it also nullifies the opponent's abilities.
[roars]
He's gone!
DAN: Drago can camouflage himself
so that he becomes completely invisible in any environment.
Not only that, but the power levels of all opponent Bakugan
that aren't the attribute I named drop by 500.
BOTH: [grunting]
Now, Drago!
Hit it!
What?
[grunting]
Ugh!
Contestir!
Battle Gear Ability activate!
JetKor Delta.
[grunting]
Yeah!
You like that?
His powers are incredible.
Yeah.
Right.
That's why we need him for our side.
So why don't we wrap this thing up, OK?
You make it sound like we're dealing with amateurs.
That's not the case here.
Oh, come on!
What's wrong, do you need a bandage for your boo-boos,
or are you gonna toughen up and get back in the fight?
Hmm.
Hey, if you're done patting each other on the back,
do you think we can get back to business?
Yeah, we're ready.
Are you?
Ha!
Gate card, set.
ALL: Bakugan, brawl!
Bakugan, stand.
All right, time to snag Drago.
Ability activate!
Hyper Sky Bolt!
REN: Linehalt!
COMPUTER: Ren life force, zero.
Ugh!
Linehalt, you didn't have to sacrifice yourself like that.
Ha, save your tearful goodbyes for later.
Ability activate.
Mirage Field.
I just contained your ability.
How do you like me now?
It's almost over.
Ability activate.
Vanguard Lola.
Ah!
[grunting]
Drago!
COMPUTER: Dan life force, 10%.
That must've hurt.
Sorry I can't back you up, Dan.
No sweat.
Drago and I can pull this one out.
Right, pal?
Gate card, set!
Bakugan, brawl!
Bakugan, stand.
Let's do this!
Here we come!
[growls]
Wait for me!
Let's strike the final blow, Zenet.
You glory hog.
Don't forget I'm the one who brought him to his knees.
COMPUTER: Ready Destrakon Gear.
Ready Sparta Blaster.
BOTH: Battle gear boost!
[energetic music]
Battle gear ability activate.
Destrakon Gear Brinel.
Ugh!
Dan!
Hang on.
Oh, no you don't.
Battle gear ability activate!
Sparta Blaster Sunbeam!
What the?
Ah, I can't see anything!
Ha.
Let's see you try and use your battle gear now, brawler.
[laughs maniacally]
[roars]
[grunting]
REN (VOICEOVER): Come on.
Finish this.
[grunting] Dan!
Drago!
Gate card, open!
Power Splatter!
He just dropped our power levels with that gate card.
How is that even possible?
Bah!
Whoa.
[grunting]
We're almost home, buddy.
Battle gear boost!
[dramatic music]
Battle gear ability activate!
JetKor Flame Impact!
[grunting]
[dramatic music]
[roaring]
Augh!
Ugh!
Whoa, he smoked them both at the same time.
Looks like this guy is hardcore, Zenet.
A gate card that interlocks with the battle gear?
Oh, man!
This is awesome!
Ha, ha.
I need you to focus here, Zenet.
He's strong.
We haven't won this yet.
If we keep using our standard abilities, we're going to lose.
Well, why don't we try something different.
Ability activate!
Andromeda!
Excellent choice.
Here we go.
[energetic music]
[grunting]
His battle gear's gone!
[roars]
COMPUTER: Zenet life force, zero.
What just happened?
I sacrificed my Bakugan to get rid of Drago's
battle gear, that's what.
It's a groovy little ability that's
unique to Haos Contestir.
Let's finish them!
Yeah!
Ability activate.
Starlet Blade.
[roaring]
[grunting]
COMPUTER: Dan life force, zero.
Drago!
You OK?
I'm fine.
I'm sorry, Dan.
It was all my fault.
It's no one's fault. Don't worry about it.
Listen, Dan.
You and your buddy Drago there put up a good fight.
And since it was two against one,
we're gonna give you a break this time and not take him.
But know this-- we've got our eye on you, got it?
Hmm.
Huh?
Let's hit the road, Zenet.
Hey, hold on a sec!
Don't get your pants in a bunch, Dan.
Our paths will cross again.
Like I said, we're watching.
Bye-bye.
[growling]
[all gasp]
What the?
Where, uh, exactly are we?
They're ready now.
Sid, I have orders from the emperor.
Just stay away, period.
Do not engage the brawlers anymore.
Dealing with them is Ren's job from now on.
Yes, sir.
I understand.
[sighs]
Don't worry.
Today was a success, Ren.
It was, but just barely.
The battle could have easily gone the other way.
But it didn't.
The future of our people is at stake, so failure
is not an option, Linehalt.
DAN (VOICEOVER): Shun had been missing for a while
when this strange Neathian dude named Jesse showed up.
The way he spoke and dressed, it was like he thought
he was an actor in a play.
But weirdo or not, Drago and I knew we had to take him down.
But then Fabia dropped by right in the middle of our battle
and crashed the party.
I didn't understand.
If they were both Neathians, why was she fighting against him?
It made no sense.
Then I wondered if maybe Shun knew something about it.
But you won't believe what he told me once I found him.
Tune in to hear for yourself.
Bakugan, brawl!
Total insanity.
[theme music]